#
# $Id: README 4954 2010-05-10 18:00:16Z naudefj $
#

DESIGN PHILOSOPHY
-----------------

Writing converters is like shooting at a moving target. New forums and forum
versions are released all the time, which will probably break the exiting
converters. As a result it's often necessary to tweak and enhance the converter
for best results.

To make it easier to focus on the mapping of the source forum to FUDforum, we've
separated the conversion rules into "map" files. To add a new converter,
simply add a new *.map file to the "conversionmaps/" directory or tweak the rules
in the exiting map files.

A map consists of a series of SOURCE_* functions (for example source_load_users).
All these functions are optional and a map file only contains the functions it
requires. These functions will retrieve information from the source forum and map
it into an array, which is then passed back to the converter to add to FUDforum.
As an example, source_load_users() will make callbacks to target_load_user()
to add users to FUDforum.

INSTRUCTIONS:
-------------

1. Install FUDforum 3.0.3 (or better) or identify an existing installation where
   the messages must be imported into (the target forum).

2. Download and copy the conversion script to your forum's WWW_ROOT directory.

3. Run the script from a web browser or from command line (pick one below).

3.1. Start the script by navigating to http://your.forum.com/forum/convert.php
     Select the source forum type and enter the full path to where it is installed.

3.2. Command line installation is preferred for large forums.
     Example: $ php ./convert.php MyBB ../mybb/
     The first argument is the source forum type. The second is the path to where
     it is installed.

4. After running the converter, login to the forum and run the Consistency Checker.
   You will not see any messages nor users on the target forum until you do the
   consistency check.

If you run into problems, please report them on the support forum at fudforum.org.

Best of luck!


KNOWN PROBLEMS AND RESTRICTIONS:
--------------------------------

1. The source forum must use MySQL, PostgreSQL or SQLite.
   It is, however, quite easy to add support for additional databases.
   
2. The target forum cannot use Micrososft SQL Server. Will get error: 
	Cannot insert explicit value for identity column in table 'tablename' when IDENTITY_INSERT is set to OFF.

2. After conversion, login via the forum (not the ACP!).
   The ACP will not invoke authentication plugins and may not allow you to
   log in (first time only).
